you'd know that if you knew anything
about superheroes what's your problem
lame-o led that cage should be mine okay
okay how about we share it you know take
shifts alternate weekends I just want to
have superpowers here's the thing Mikey
you're just not responsible enough to
have them
[Music]
I didn't get to fly there anything
I'm through playing games with you oh
yeah it really is malignus really no not
really how dumb are you
[Music]
gotta say for a super-powered it's kind
of secret and just as long tracking it
down and now you ridiculous Terrapins of
destroyed it look Rath malignus and for
that I will destroy you yeah you and
what army funny you should ask
[Music]
did you rip it loser breath
thanks for calling me lose a breath crud
weeds got the power again my pets fires
take us up ducks down here
[Music]
without gonna last very long bro if we
don't stop fighting and start walking
together off this time for a team-up
nuts it let's flatten these wind up
what's it for all
[Music]
you really think we'd leave here
unscathed The Magus cape makes you
invincible to everything everything
except fish a yellow symbol from the
planet jump it was woven upon calmness
to anyone else but lethal to a green
mantle so long as you're wearing his
cape you're vulnerable to its effects
sometimes I say too much
[Music]
tortoise boy
shelled Wanda
[Music]
you really want to give it up I'm sure
it can be repaired thanks but it's not
that I am really the superhero type and
turtle Titan is hero enough for me I'll
take it then the old girl used to be
mine after all gentlemen meet al gordon
the original green mantle the guard from
the convention no way been years since
anyone has called me the green mantle
but once upon a time it was true al
contacted me as soon as he came to at
the hospital I'd given him hope of ever
finding this spent 25 years on the
police force retired and took on this
security gig protecting the public is
just in my blood turns out you don't
need superpowers to fight crime in this
world
[Music]
of course they don't hurt either
you